MODULES_MANAGER_V2
ClassAndMain|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\ClassAndMain.py
bx_wo_corners|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\bx_wo_corners.py
example1|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\example1.py
example2|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\example2.py
exercise2|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\exercise2.py
exercise4|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\exercise4.py
exercise5|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\exercise5.py
exercise6|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\exercise6.py
exercise7|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\exercise7.py
exercise8|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\exercise8.py
exercise_forloop|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\exercise_forloop.py
for_loop_exercise1|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\for_loop_exercise1.py
for_loop_exercise2|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\for_loop_exercise2.py
fun_and_moduels2|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\fun_and_moduels2.py
fun_and_modules1|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\fun_and_modules1.py
if_else_exercises|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\if_else_exercises.py
leetCodeSumCombo|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\leetCodeSumCombo.py
leet_code_Sept_day2|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\leet_code_Sept_day2.py
mandelbrot|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\mandelbrot.py
myletter|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\myletter.py
python_exercise|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\python_exercise.py
rectangle|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\rectangle.py
the_python_elses|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\the_python_elses.py
triangle|C:\Eclipse AWS Java Projects\LearningPython\triangle.py
